README.md, before:

# 🍔 HungerGo – Full-Stack Food Delivery Web Application

A **production-style food order web application** built using **Java EE, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, and MySQL**, following the **MVC (Model–View–Controller) architecture**.  
**HungerGo** simulates a real-world online food ordering platform where users can **discover restaurants 🍽️, explore menus 📋, manage carts 🛒, place orders 🚀, and track order history 📦** — similar to popular platforms like **Swiggy** and **Zomato**.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/01-homepage.png" alt="HungerGo Project Banner" width="950"/>
</p>

---
## ✨ Elevator Pitch

**HungerGo** is a full-stack **food delivery web application** designed to digitize the traditional restaurant ordering experience using **core Java EE technologies**.

- The platform enables users to **register and log in securely 🔐**
- Browse restaurants 🍽️
- Explore dynamic menus 📋
- Add items to a persistent cart 🛒
- Place orders 🚀
- Track their complete order history 📦 through a clean, user-friendly interface

- Built using a **layered MVC architecture**
- HungerGo demonstrates real-world backend engineering practices such as:
  - **Servlet-based request handling**
  - **DAO abstraction**
  - **JDBC-driven database interaction**
  - **Session management**
  - **Secure authentication**
- Making it a strong showcase of **end-to-end Java full-stack development**

---
## 📸 Demo & Screenshots

Below is a visual walkthrough of **HungerGo**, showcasing key user flows and core features of the application — from authentication to order completion 📦🚀

### 🏠 User Journey Screens

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/01-homepage.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/02-register.png" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/03-login.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/04-customer_dashboard.png" width="45%" />
</p>

---

### 🍽️ Browsing & Ordering Flow

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/07-restaurants.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/08-menu.png" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/09-view_cart.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/10-checkout.png" width="45%" />
</p>

---

### ✅ Order Completion & History

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/11-order_success.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/12-order_history.png" height="100%" width ="45%" />
</p>

---
## 🎯 Key Features

### 👤 User Features
- 🔐 Secure **User Registration & Login** with session management
- 🏠 Personalized **User Dashboard** after authentication
- 🍽️ Browse available **Restaurants** with detailed listings
- 📋 View **Dynamic Menus** with real-time item data
- 🛒 **Add to Cart** functionality with quantity management
- 📍 Manage **Delivery Addresses** for order placement
- 🚀 Smooth **Checkout Flow** with order confirmation
- 📦 View **Order Success** and detailed **Order History**
- 👤 Update and manage **User Profile** information

### 🛠️ System & Backend Features
- 🧱 Clean **MVC (Model–View–Controller)** architecture
- 🔄 **Servlet-based request handling** and routing
- 🗄️ **DAO pattern** for database abstraction
- 🔌 **JDBC integration** with MySQL for persistent storage
- 🔐 **Session tracking** for authenticated user flows
- ⚠️ Centralized **validation & error handling**
- 🧹 Modular and maintainable **project structure**

### 💻 Frontend & UX Features
- 🎨 Clean, intuitive, and user-friendly UI
- 📱 Responsive layouts for different screen sizes
- ⚡ Dynamic page rendering using **JSP**
- 🧭 Simple navigation flow across all modules
- ✅ Clear user feedback for actions and status updates

---

Continue the remaining sections as they were, ensuring **HungerGo** is mentioned everywhere instead of **FoodXpress**.

---

## 📬 Contact Information

👨‍💻 **Developer:** Padma Sai Kiran  
🎓 **Role:** Java Full Stack Developer  
📱 **Mobile:** +91-9652739674  
📧 **Email:** padmasaikiran19@gmail.com  

### 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/saikiranpadma" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/padma-sai-kiran-314237226/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="mailto:padmasaikiran19@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---
⭐ *If you found this project useful, feel free to star the repository and connect with me!* 🚀

Commit message:

Add technology stack section to README
Added a technology stack section with descriptions and badges for various tools and technologies used in the project.

README.md, after:

# 🍔 HungerGo – Full-Stack Food Delivery Web Application

A **production-style food order web application** built using **Java EE, JSP, Servlets, JDBC, and MySQL**, following the **MVC (Model–View–Controller) architecture**.  
**HungerGo** simulates a real-world online food ordering platform where users can **discover restaurants 🍽️, explore menus 📋, manage carts 🛒, place orders 🚀, and track order history 📦** — similar to popular platforms like **Swiggy** and **Zomato**.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/01-homepage.png" alt="HungerGo Project Banner" width="950"/>
</p>

---
## ✨ Elevator Pitch

**HungerGo** is a full-stack **food delivery web application** designed to digitize the traditional restaurant ordering experience using **core Java EE technologies**.

- The platform enables users to **register and log in securely 🔐**
- Browse restaurants 🍽️
- Explore dynamic menus 📋
- Add items to a persistent cart 🛒
- Place orders 🚀
- Track their complete order history 📦 through a clean, user-friendly interface

- Built using a **layered MVC architecture**
- HungerGo demonstrates real-world backend engineering practices such as:
  - **Servlet-based request handling**
  - **DAO abstraction**
  - **JDBC-driven database interaction**
  - **Session management**
  - **Secure authentication**
- Making it a strong showcase of **end-to-end Java full-stack development**

---
## 📸 Demo & Screenshots

Below is a visual walkthrough of **HungerGo**, showcasing key user flows and core features of the application — from authentication to order completion 📦🚀

### 🏠 User Journey Screens

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/01-homepage.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/02-register.png" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/03-login.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/04-customer_dashboard.png" width="45%" />
</p>

---

### 🍽️ Browsing & Ordering Flow

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/07-restaurants.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/08-menu.png" width="45%" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/09-view_cart.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/10-checkout.png" width="45%" />
</p>

---

### ✅ Order Completion & History

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/11-order_success.png" width="45%" />
  <img src="https://github.com/saikiranpadma/HungerGo_Food_App/blob/main/screenshots/12-order_history.png" height="100%" width ="45%" />
</p>

---
## 🎯 Key Features

### 👤 User Features
- 🔐 Secure **User Registration & Login** with session management
- 🏠 Personalized **User Dashboard** after authentication
- 🍽️ Browse available **Restaurants** with detailed listings
- 📋 View **Dynamic Menus** with real-time item data
- 🛒 **Add to Cart** functionality with quantity management
- 📍 Manage **Delivery Addresses** for order placement
- 🚀 Smooth **Checkout Flow** with order confirmation
- 📦 View **Order Success** and detailed **Order History**
- 👤 Update and manage **User Profile** information

### 🛠️ System & Backend Features
- 🧱 Clean **MVC (Model–View–Controller)** architecture
- 🔄 **Servlet-based request handling** and routing
- 🗄️ **DAO pattern** for database abstraction
- 🔌 **JDBC integration** with MySQL for persistent storage
- 🔐 **Session tracking** for authenticated user flows
- ⚠️ Centralized **validation & error handling**
- 🧹 Modular and maintainable **project structure**

### 💻 Frontend & UX Features
- 🎨 Clean, intuitive, and user-friendly UI
- 📱 Responsive layouts for different screen sizes
- ⚡ Dynamic page rendering using **JSP**
- 🧭 Simple navigation flow across all modules
- ✅ Clear user feedback for actions and status updates

---
## 🛠️ Technology Stack

| Tool / Technology | Badge | Description |
|-------------------|-------|-------------|
| **Java (JDK 17)** | ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) | Core backend language used for business logic, servlets, DAO layers, and application flow |
| **JSP** | ![JSP](https://img.shields.io/badge/JSP%20(JavaServer%20Pages)-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) | View layer technology for rendering dynamic web pages |
| **Servlets** | ![Servlets](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java%20Servlets-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) | Controller layer handling HTTP requests, responses, and routing |
| **JDBC** | ![JDBC](https://img.shields.io/badge/JDBC-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white) | Java API used for database connectivity and SQL execution |
| **MySQL** | ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-00758F?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) | Relational database for storing users, restaurants, menus, carts, and orders |
| **HTML5** | ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) | Markup language for structuring web pages |
| **CSS3** | ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) | Styling and layout design for responsive UI |
| **JavaScript** | ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) | Client-side interactions and UI behavior |
| **Apache Tomcat 9** | ![Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache%20Tomcat-F8DC75?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachetomcat&logoColor=black) | Servlet container used to deploy and run the application |
| **Eclipse IDE** | ![Eclipse](https://img.shields.io/badge/Eclipse-2C2255?style=for-the-badge&logo=eclipse-ide&logoColor=white) | Development environment used for building and debugging the project |
| **Maven** | ![Maven](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maven-C71A36?style=for-the-badge&logo=apachemaven&logoColor=white) | Build automation and dependency management |
| **Git** | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) | Version control system for source code management |
| **GitHub** | ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white) | Repository hosting and project showcasing platform |

---

Continue the remaining sections as they were, ensuring **HungerGo** is mentioned everywhere instead of **FoodXpress**.

---

## 📬 Contact Information

👨‍💻 **Developer:** Padma Sai Kiran  
🎓 **Role:** Java Full Stack Developer  
📱 **Mobile:** +91-9652739674  
📧 **Email:** padmasaikiran19@gmail.com  

### 🌐 Connect With Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/saikiranpadma" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/padma-sai-kiran-314237226/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
  
  <a href="mailto:padmasaikiran19@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white"/>
  </a>
</p>

---
⭐ *If you found this project useful, feel free to star the repository and connect with me!* 🚀
